Documentation/general (#103)
Kryha/KREAd: docs/general.md

1. Open your Keplr wallet extension
2. In the drop down network menu in the center, select “Agoric.”
3. In your Agoric account, you’ll see a long string beginning with ‘agoric,’ which is your wallet address. (i.e. agoric132…f3fd)
4. Click on the wallet address to copy it
   
##### Provision smart wallet account
Once you have access to your Agoric address using a wallet, you are ready to provision an Agoric smart wallet. This step is necessary in order to enable the full functionality of the Agoric smart contract platform.

1. Obtain 10BLD (this provision fee is meant to mitigate potential Denial-of-Service attacks). Checkout [this section](https://docs.inter.trade/user-how-to/wallet-usage/acquiring-bld-tokens) from [Inter Protocol](https://inter.trade/)'s documentation for more information on how to obtain BLD.
   >💡 You can get BLD using [Kado](https://www.kado.money/)'s fiat on-ramp directly from the KREAd frontend. Navigate to https://kread.app/connect-wallet, click "Buy IST/BLD" and follow the prompts to try it.

   ![kado-on-ramp](./assets/kado-on-ramp.jpg)

2. Navigate to https://kread.app/connect-wallet

> 3. Hit 'Create' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Hit 'Activate Wallet' 
```

   ![activate-wallet](./assets/provision-wallet.jpg)
4. Approve transaction in your Keplr wallet (or your Ledger)
5. Once your smart wallet provisions you will should see your IST balance go up to 0.25, which can be used to pay for transaction fees. The page will automatically redirect to https://kread.app/character and you will be ready to use KREAd or any other Agoric dapp.

##### Mint a Character

> Anyone with an Agoric address and 5IST can mint a Character by clicking the "Mint new" button from https://kread.app/character. If you don't have any characters yet the button should be visible in the center of the page, if you already have some you can get to it by clicking "My characters" in the top right of the interface, then scrolling to the bottom of the sidebar on the right:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone with an Agoric address and 5 IST can mint a Character by clicking the "Mint new" button from https://kread.app/character. If you don't have any characters yet the button should be visible in the center of the page, if you already have some you can get to it by clicking "My characters" in the top right of the interface, then scrolling to the bottom of the sidebar on the right:
```

![create-new-character](./assets/mint-new.jpg)

> That will take you to the mint character form, follow the prompts to mint a randomly generated KREAd Character. To learn more about the mint process check out [TODO: link to mint from glossary].

Reviewer: still needs a link

##### Buy an Item (or Character)
Besides the mint flow, there is one other way to obtain a Character: the KREAd Marketplace. It functions as a simple p2p marketplace for KREAd Characters and Items, allowing anyone to list their asset for sale at a price of their choosing. Unlike minting, when using the marketplace you are free to browse through the available entries and decide which asset to get based on its properties and price (remember: minting gets you a random Character). To buy an Item on the marketplace:

1. Navigate to https://kread.app/shop/items
   ![kread-marketplace](./assets/kread-marketplace.jpg)
2. Browse the entries and find an Item you would like to buy (click on the item for a detailed view)
3. Then click "Buy" from the Item card or the detailed view
4. This will take you to the buy form where you can review the sale price and details before triggering the transaction to buy
   ![kread-buy-form](./assets/buy-form.jpg)
5. Once reviewed, click confirm in order to send the transaction to Keplr for signing
6. Approve the transaction on Keplr
7. Await confirmation

> You can verify the purchase was successful by browsing the [inventory](https://kread.app/inventory). For more details check out (TODO: link to marketplace section of glossary)

Reviewer: missing link

> # About

Reviewer 2: general comment: can you take a look at the consistency of SFT vs sft (capitalization) same goes for NFT vs nft

> KREAd is an dynamic nft application showcasing the SAGES universe. It is build on Agoric, a blockchain and smart-contract platform in the Cosmos ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KREAd is a dynamic nft application showcasing the SAGES universe. It is built on Agoric, a blockchain and smart-contract platform in the Cosmos ecosystem.
```
add links to Agoric?

> Dynamic nfts provide new ways of showcasing and interacting with digital art by allowing users to customize a given nft by equipping or unequipping "item" nfts to its inventory. To understand how this works, let's define the two assets that KREAd introduces:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KREAd dynamic nfts provide new ways of showcasing and interacting with digital art by allowing users to customize a given nft by equipping or unequipping "item" nfts to its inventory. To understand how this works, let's define the two assets that KREAd introduces:
```

> **Character**: represents a character in the SAGES universe. Each character can be identified by a unique image and a set of properties related to the SAGES story. They can be minted for a flat fee via KREAd's frontend. When minting, the user must choose a valid name for the character, and will reviece a randomly selected character from a predefined set. They can be sold and bought by anyone using the marketplace section of KREAd's frontend. Each KREAd Charcter has an Inventory, which can be used to store Items within it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Character**: represents a character in the SAGES universe. Each character can be identified by a unique image and a set of properties related to the SAGES story. They can be minted for a flat fee via KREAd's frontend. When minting, the user must choose a valid name for the character, and will receive a randomly selected character from a predefined set. They can be sold and bought by anyone using the marketplace section of KREAd's frontend. Each KREAd Character has an Inventory, which can be used to store Items within it.
```

# About
KREAd is a dynamic nft application showcasing the SAGES universe. It is built on Agoric, a blockchain and smart-contract platform in the Cosmos ecosystem.

KREAd dynamic nfts provide new ways of showcasing and interacting with digital art by allowing users to customize a given nft by equipping or unequipping "item" nfts to its inventory. To understand how this works, let's define the two assets that KREAd introduces:

> KREAd is an dynamic NFT application showcasing the SAGES universe. It is build on [Agoric](https://docs.agoric.com/), a blockchain and smart-contract platform in the [Cosmos ecosystem](https://cosmos.network/).

Author: ah, bad conflict resolution here, I'll fix it
